# TheForceProtocol                                        

​                                   

# 1        Introduction

## 1.1       Situation Analysis

We are entering a digital world, where the development of information technology, such as cloud computing, big data, Internet of Things, artificial intelligence, virtual reality, 5G, provides technical support for it, and improve the production efficiency at the productive forces level. However, obtaining loans from traditional credit institutions requires not only complex qualification procedures, but also high fees. Several weeks will be consumed to get a loan, this is because banks need to minimize the risk of loan loss, by evaluating the borrower's ability to repay.

Blockchain technology such as encrypted digital currency defines a new production relationship for the digital world. In the new relationship, benefits of production activities in all aspects of digital production are shared, without the need for any centralized organization to formulate distribution rules and intercept most of the revenue. The development of blockchain 2.0 technology represented by Ethereum, NEO, quantum chains et al., makes the generation and application of digital tokens easier and more convenient, which accelerates the tokenization process of physical assets or digital assets. In the past few years, the total market value of global digital assets continues to increase. By January 8, 2018, the global marketable digital assets (including encrypted digital currency and Token) generated by blockchain technology reached $830 billion. It means that a large economy, which connecting the world and all mankind is on the way. Digital asset lending is the most basic financial demand in the digital economy.

## 1.2       Target of The Force Protocol

### 1.2.1        Make Lending Available on Global Scale

We want to develop something important to break the process-heavy and unfair lending market we all know. We want to make lending available on global scale. Instead of relying on local banks and lenders, we believe that borrower should have the possibility to obtain a loan from anywhere in the world. With the rise of crypto-currency, uses can become their own banking institution. With our protocol, you can set up become your own lending institution. Anyone can decide whom you lend to, on which interest rate securely or insecurely. All of this is available thanks to blockchain technology, on which our protocol relies on.

### 1.2.2        Simplified User Experience

The Force Protocol is devoted to develop a user-friendly interface for the decentralized application. The lending process is simplified from tens of steps to 2-3 step process. Additionally, instead of requiring the borrower to send the tokens or lender to send gas to finance the loans, “Approve/Lock”-functions will be used to collect these assets from the user’s wallet eliminating unnecessary steps.

### 1.2.3        Secured Lending with Digital Assets

The Force Protocol provides secured lending with the use of ERC-20 compatible tokens as a collateral. For example, users with a token portfolio are not required to sell the tokens to receive liquidity. Instead, the user can pledge the tokens to receive more liquidity. 

### 1.2.4        Decentralized Lending Beyond Ethereum network

The Force Protocol will expand the decentralized lending application and the decentralized credit rating beyond Ethereum network to other distributed ledger networks. Dual Token Model is introduced to remove obstacles among different blockchain and FAI currency, and trading across chains is realized using a centralization-like strategy.

### 1.2.5        Lender Side Offers and Risk Sharing Strategy

We will develop loan offers that lenders can place on the decentralized application. Loan offers are placed by stating how much liquidity and on what price the lender is willing to provide the liquidity. The lender also indicates which tokens the lender accepts as a collateral or which credit rating must be met. In the future, The Force Protocol will introduce the option for crowd lending where the risk is shared amongst multiple lenders.

### 1.2.6        Competitive Bidding on Interest Rate Between Lenders

The Force Protocol will develop auction-like bidding functionality for the decentralized application to provide the best market rate on interest rates for the borrowers. The interest rate bidding auction is a reverse auction where the lenders places bidding offers for a loan interest rate.

### 1.2.7        Insurance Strategy for Market Volatility

The Force Protocol will use price feeds for the most popular tokens to adopt sophisticated collateral management where in case the collateral value (value of the tokens) drop below a certain threshold, the borrower must fulfil the collateral or the lender can call the collateral and sell it on the market. Alternatively, insurance product against market fluctuations is introduced to compensation for extreme situations.

### 1.2.8        Artificial Intelligence and Big Data to Prediction

Credit history is borne once there is data available on paid loans, the interest rates, possible collateral, and details of the lenders and the transactional data of the address. Based on this data, artificial intelligence (AI) and Ethereum distributed ledger data technology can be used to prediction in the future, which can aid lenders on credit decisions. Moreover, such data can be exported to other applications and chains.

## 1.3       Function Provided

### 1.3.1        APIs for Lending Platform or Individuals

The Force Protocol will provide APIs for anyone to set up lending platforms easily. Besides, individual users can complete a sole trading easily with APIs our protocol provided.

### 1.3.2        Stablecoin Endorsed by Fiat Currency

In order to improve shortcomings of stablecoin economic model such as USDT, GUSD and PAX, we introduce a new stablecoin generation mechanism, which is issued by super nodes (Relayers). As the provider of fund management service, the super node signs investment agreement with investor, and receives investor's fiat funds into third-party custodian bank. At the same time, the super node issues corresponding type and quantity of stablecoins in the Ethereum network, and will be supervised by custodian bank and auditing institution. The use of stablecoin in our protocol will bring in huge amount of incremental funding, which will promote development of digital economy.

### 1.3.3        Sharing Orderbook

All the DApps (Relayers/ Supernode) around the world based on our protocol shares one orderbook, where great aggregation effect can be significantly released. Based on the sharing orderbook, more energy can be devoted to leverage service quality, rather than distracting attention to construction of lending platforms. Therefore, better service will be provided when our protocol is online.

### 1.3.4        Insurance for Emergency Fluctuation

To avoid enormous lost from mandatory liquidation, insurance product will be designed for lenders. When mandatory liquidation occurs, lenders who have bought the insurance product will get compensation from the insurance pool. 

### 1.3.5      Example Instance of Our Protocol

Finally, an example DApp platform instance will be developed, with which several goals will be achieved. First, as the first DApp based on our protocol, users can lend/borrow tokens on the platform. Second, the DApp can be used to test the performance of our protocol in a long time, which is very important for the improvement and update process. Finally, the organizations (Rlayers/ Supernode) will get an intuitive impression on the usage of our protocol.

## 1.4       Benefits of Work

### 1.4.1        Decentralization

Decentralization provides more security and trust by design, where the trust is eliminated by executing code that does not require central government, management or central servers. Decentralization methods change dramatically the architecture of lending. By decentralizing lending, we do not require banks or any other intermediaries for conducting a loan transaction. Decentralization means also that borrowers and lenders do not need to trust anyone once the Smart Contract is deployed. These smart contracts provide a trustless and transparent lending environment, which is not available on FIAT lending market. There is no equivalent power on found on centralized environment.

### 1.4.2        Trustless

It needs no trust between trading counterparties. When the lender/borrower places the lend/borrower request on DApps based on our protocol, the counterparty, the platform, DApp, the protocol or any other party cannot manipulate, stop and prevent the loan request once the corresponding smart contract is deployed. Instead of the need to trust the counterparty, decentralization removes the necessity to trust your provider and your counterparty. Removing risk from the counterparty or third party is vital to avoid any unfair and unwanted behavior. By using trustless environment, we are able to avoid risk that are associated with third parties. With the protocol, we do not have to consider whether service provider is under cyberattack, incurs fraud or the service provider would end up into insolvency proceedings.

### 1.4.3        Transparency

Ethereum blockchain provides a ledger, which is open for inspection from transaction to transaction. It means that every transaction is recorded and any transaction which is deployed on Ethereum blockchain could be explored though block explorers. Transparent ledger removes the trust that normally one would need to have when making a transaction between two banking institutions. Transparency brings more power to finance industry. When it comes to lending, timing is vital. Loan capital must move between borrowers and lenders as fast as possible in a global scale. Today, current banking system does not provide such tools for the lending market, while digital-currency and blockchain technology fulfil this need. Moreover, our protocol provides decentralized lending possible in the digital-world without being exposed to loss of loan capital. The lender is always able to check whether the borrower received the loan and vice versa. No trust needed.

### 1.4.4        Our Protocol

The Force Protocol uses the characters of decentralization and account book transparency of blockchain technology to build a lending platform, where borrowers and lenders can trade freely. According to the protocol, key contract terms and rules agreed by borrowers and lenders are written into smart contracts. After the contract expires, the smart contract will be automatically executed. No individual or organization can change the contract or hinder the execution of the contract, thus fundamentally eliminating the risk of contract default. Based on this, the tedious work of borrower qualification review, credit evaluation, risk assessment, and late collection will become simple, and some work can even be completely cancelled. The cost reductions resulted by simplification or cancellation of some of the workflows will benefit both the borrower and the borrower, that is, the borrower can enjoy lower interest and handling fees, while the lender can obtain higher interest and benefits.

The Force Protocol aims at building a foundation for digital asset lending ecology, where any individual or organization can develop a decentralized application based on the it, which can accelerate products landing and marketing.

**The Vision of the Force Protocol:** To enable everyone in the world to obtain digital asset lending service convenient, fast and at low-cost, that is Empowering Tokens.

# 2        Process Flow of Lending

## 2.1       Broadcast Trading Process

For liquid markets to emerge, there must be public locations where buyers and sellers can post orders that are subsequently aggregated into order books. The protocol we have described allows anyone to act as an exchange, maintain a sharing order book and charge transaction fees on all resulting liquidity. We refer to entities which host and maintain an order book as **Relayers** rather than exchanges, while the orders of this kind are named broadcast orders. **Relayers** merely facilitate signaling between market participants by a sharing order book that consists of generic messages. **Relayers** do not execute trades on behalf of market participants as the process would require market participants to trust them. Instead, Takers execute their own trades.

The message format for broadcast orders do not specify a taker address, allowing a broadcast order can be filled by anyone manually or automatically. Moreover, broadcast orders include *feeLender*, *feeBorrower*, and *addrFeeRecipient* parameters which specify transaction fee values and an address used by the Relayer to collect transaction fees. These fees will be transferred to *addrFeeRecipient* if and when an order is filled. Here, the initiator of a trading is named **Maker** while the one who fills the order is named **Taker**. A trading can be initiated/filled by any one, no matter they are lenders or borrowers.

**Previous work:** Relayer publishes lending rules which contains parameters like collateral rate et al., and fee schedule, address *addrFeeRecipient* used for collecting transaction fees are also broadcasted.

### 2.1.1        Order Making and Automatic Matching

**Step1:** Maker approves the decentralized smart contract the right to transfer specified amount tokens named tokenA.

**Step2:** Maker creates an order, which specifies number of TokenA, lending period, annual interest rate, expiration time of the order. In addition, *feeLender,* *feeBorrower* and *addrFeeRecipient* is set by Relayer. Then, the Maker signs the order with its private key.

**Step3:** Relayer receives the signed order, whose validation is then checked. If the order meet Relayer's requirements, the order is accepted as **orderNew**, otherwise it will be rejected.

**Step4:** The Relayer traverses the sharing orderbook. If there was no order that matches orderNew, it will be updated to the sharing orderbook. (1) If multiple orders match orderNew, the earlies one will be locked. (2) For partially match cases, only the most compatible order is locked. The locked order which named **orderMatch** is removed from the sharing orderbook. The unmatched portion of any party will be updated to the sharing orderbook. 

**Step5:** The decentralized smart contract transfers specified tokens to the borrower according to OrderNew and orderMatch, and the contract begins to take effect.

### 2.1.2        Manual Match

**Step1:** Takers receive the newest version of the sharing order book in any Relayer. 

**Step2:** Taker fills one order in the orderbook named **OrderMatch** and specifies the token type to lend/ collateral. A new order begins to construct automatically, which specifies number of Tokens needed, lending period, annual interest rate, expiration time of the order. Taker approves the decentralized smart contract the right to transfer specified amount tokens as required. At this point, the new order is completed and fed back to Relayer.

**Step3:** Relayer receives the signed order, whose validation is then checked. If the order meet Relayer's requirements, the order is accepted as **orderNew** while order Match is removed from the sharing orderbook, otherwise it will be rejected.

 **Step4:** The decentralized smart contract transfers specified tokens to the borrower according to OrderNew and orderMatch, and the contract begins to take effect.

### 2.1.3        Repayment Process

When expiration time of the loan contract is reached, the repayment process will be triggered. The process goes as follows:

**Step1:** The Relayer based on our decentralized smart contract notifies its users that contract expires.

**Step2:** Borrower transfers specified number of borrowed tokens and interest to the decentralized smart contract.

**Step3:** The decentralized smart contract transfers the obtained tokens and interest to lender.

**Step4:** The decentralized smart contract transfers collateral tokens to the borrower.

 

### 2.1.4        Sharing Orderbook

In our protocol, sharing orderbook is achieved by Consortium blockchain, which are maintained by all the Relayers. Specifically, parity with Aura technology is used to construct the alliance blockchain. 

In our protocol, each Relayer has a single account named validator. Whenever a Relayer join in the protocol, a corresponding validator is added into the sharing validator list. The smart contract can set up strategies for determining the qualification to join as validators. The timestamp is configured in the genesis block, and one validator is selected every 3 seconds to build, validate, sign and broadcast a block. Legal validator is determined by the following formula. 

*index= (UNIX_TIMESTAMP/BLOCK_TIME) % NUMBER_OF_ VALIDATORS;*

When orderbook updating happens, the local validator will check the validation of the instruction. If the related order has been locked before, the construction will be rejected. Otherwise, the local validator will broadcast the order to the Legal validator for package. If more than one updating instruction related to one order, only the earliest one is accepted. All the accepted instructions and the resulting orderbook status are packaged in the block, which is then be broadcasted to all other validators. When a block produced by a Legal validator is received, it will be accepted by all validators. Otherwise, it will be rejected. If there was no orderbook updating in a period, no blockchain will be produced.

## 2.2       Peer-to-Peer Trading Process

### 2.2.1        Lending Process

Over-the-Counter (OTC) order allow two parties to match trading using any communication medium. Then the FOR protocol is opted to approving the process for both the lender and borrower. The process goes as follows:

**Previous work**: A deal is made by the lender and borrower using any communication medium, internet for example. An order is signed by the maker, who will fill all the parameters required according to standard format defined by the Force Protocol.

**Step1:** Borrower(A) approves the decentralized smart contract to lock specified balance of Token(A) for collateral.

**Step2:** Lender(B) transfers specified amount of Token(B) to the decentralized smart contract.

**Step3:** The decentralized smart contract transfers Token(B) obtained in Step2 to borrower(A).

**Step4:** The decentralized smart contract approves the validation of the order.

### 2.2.2        Repayment Process

When an order's expiration time is reached, the repayment process will be triggered. The process goes as follows:

**Step1:** The lender(B) notifies Borrower(A) to repay Token(B).

**Step2:** Borrower(A) transfers specified amount of Token(B) to the decentralized smart contract.

**Step3:** The decentralized smart contract transfers Token(B) obtained in Step2 to lender(B).

**Step4:** The decentralized smart contract unlocks collatered Token(A).

 

## 2.3       Operation Mechanism

### 2.3.1        Interest Rate Discovery Mechanism

The loan interest rate in the system will be completely determined by market supply and demand, and each additional loan/loan order here will also affect market supply and demand. The market interest rates here are annualized interest rates, and the interest rates in other cycles will also be converted into annualized interest rate. Benchmark interest rate is determined by referring to rates of similar lending products on the market, which is recorded as r0. The factors affecting the market dynamic interest rate include: the number of borrowed token orders, the value of borrowing token*the borrowing period, the interest rate, and it is the same for lending token factors.

Real-time interest rate r0:

*r0 =(rborrow_comprehensive+ rlend_comprehensive)/2*

with *rborrow_comprehensive, rlend_comprehensive* refer to borrowing comprehensive annualized interest rate and lending comprehensive annualized interest rate respectively.

When the comprehensive interest rates are calculated here, only top 20 orders in the lending/borrowing order books are taken into consideration, which is ranked according to their interest rates respectively.

In order to avoid interest instability caused by malicious pending order, the system will check the validity of the order. The user account that repeatedly orders and cancels the order will be frozen for certain period of time. In addition, the system will limit the range of interest rate according to market fluctuations, such as the change in interest rate cannot exceed 20% within 10 minutes. More calculation rules and conditions of use will be investigated and confirmed during the business development process. 

### 2.3.2        Loan Cycle

The Loan cycle of a trading is decided by both Relayer and traders. That is, the Relayer will provide a list of cycle options for makers to select. When the order initiated by the maker is updated in order book, the filler will select the most suitable one to fill in. 

### 2.3.3      Collateral Rate and Compulsory Liquidation Line

To control the risk of collateral loans, the types of collateral tokens, collateral rates, and compulsory liquidation line are all set by the protocol development team. All these parameters are stored in a smart contract, where modification of each parameter should be agreed by the key develop members. When the community matures in the future, the modification proposal will be submitted to DAO for voting. 

In the Force Protocol (Version1.0), market value of digital asset token and the 24-hour turnover are selected as criterion to judge select mortgage token. Later, we will continuously update and expand the types of collateral tokens based on operation data. At the same time, we will also launch community voting to encourage users to elect mortgage tokens they want.

The collateral rate is defined as the ratio of token available to the present value of mortgage. Generally, the collateral rate must not exceed 70% in traditional lending institution. In the field of digital asset lending, there are no clear regulations or historical experience to reference. Considering dramatic changes digital asset in history, the collateral rate of each lending platform is set to 50%-80%. Due to slight difference in price change of the specific currency and turnover of 24-hour mainstream exchange, the mortgage rate according to specific market conditions by our platform, which are:

An= Amplitude of the nth cycle forward(%)；

Apredict=A1+Max（0，A2-A1）/2(2-1)+Max（0，A3-Max（A1，A2））/2(3-1)+…+Max（0，An-Max（A1，A2，…，An-1））/2(n-1); where n is usually set to 3.

Mortgage Rate=Max（70%，1- Apredict）。

### 2.3.4        Oracles: Security Mechanism

During effective period of the contract, web crawler is used to get real-time price information of the tokens related to the contract. An off-chain computation is executed for safe collateral rate. Whenever the precaution level is reached, oracle is used to provide feeds from social media for creating a complete proof profile. Then warning message is sent to borrower for more collateral. The message will be transfer by SMS platform or voice call and details of message will be sent to decentralized smart contract for backup. If compulsory liquidation line is reached and no collateral are received, the compulsory liquidation process is activated. The compulsory liquidation process goes as follows:

**Step1:** Oracle function is called to provide feeds from social media for creating a complete proof profile.

**Step2:** Part of collateral tokens are sold for borrowed tokens, whose value equal the value of the origin lent token and the interest. The remains are unlocked and sent to the borrower.

**Step3:** The obtained tokens are sent to the lender.

Part of codes related to oracle are shown as follows.

/* partial codes in constructor function related to oraclize*/

contract VerifyContract is usingOraclize

{

   …

   string public urlDataSource;

   constructor(…, urlDataSource) public 

{

​        …

oraclize_setProof(proofType_TLSNotary | proofStorage_IPFS);

​    }

   

   …

   

   function onOraclizeVerification()

   {

​       …

​       Oraclize_Query(“URL”, urlDataSource);

​       …

}

 

…

 

function __callback(bytes32 myid, string result, bytes proof){

if(msg.sender !=oraclize_cbAddress()); //only authorized one is allowed

…

}

}

 

### 2.3.5        Insurance: Emergency Management 

**(1)** **Emergency Management**

Great volatility is a common phenomenon in cryptocurrency market, thus extreme situation must be considered previously: the price of a mortgage token falls rapidly in a short period of time, and the smart contract has no time to enforce compulsory liquidation, and the collateral price has fallen below the liquidation line. In this case, to prevent the risk exposure from expanding, smart contract will automatically perform the mandatory liquidation immediately.

**(2)** **Insurance Product**

Whenever mandatory liquidation occurs, the lender will suffer from certain degree of lost. Sometimes, the situation will exceed tolerance limitation of lenders, which will be the biggest obstacle in lending market. Based on this consideration, insurance product will be designed based on our protocol. When mandatory liquidation occurs, lenders who have bought the insurance product will get compensation from the insurance pool. More details about the product will be demonstrated in the following versions.

**(3)** **Collateralized Tokens Selection**

If market price of one token fluctuates significantly, the Force Protocol team (and finally the DAO) has the right to decide to move certain types of cryptocurrencies out of the collateralized tokens and even temporarily close the entire network of mortgage loans. Since our protocol's main business is built entirely on Ethereum (which may be extended to Bitcoin and EOS in the future) ecosystem, the security and usability of our protocol will depend to a large extent on the Ethernet. In the long run, the team will continue paying close attention to the development direction of the underlying technology of the blockchain, and the whole ecosystem will benefit from the prosperity of the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem to achieve sustained and healthy development.

# 3        Message Format

There is a package with standard format for each order, which contains all the parameters required and related signature. All the parameters are hashed to 32 Byte by Keccak SHA3, and then ECDSA signature is produced. The final format of an order in the smart contract will be stored in a struct variable:

 

struct Order {

​        address addrForceContract;

​        address addrMaker;

​        address addrTaker;

​        address addrFeeRecipient;

​        uint makerFee;

​        uint takerFee;

​        uint price;

​        uint expirationTimeStamp;

 

​        …

​        bytes32 orderHash;

}

For broadcast orders, Relayer is used to host and broadcast orderbooks, and a small amount of fee will be charged. As a result, the Message format at user client is a little different. 

## 3.1       Peer-to-Peer Order

| **Name**         | **Data Type** | **Description**                                              |
| ---------------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| addrVersion      | address       | Address of the smart contract, changes whenever the protocol is updated. |
| addrBorrower     | address       | Borrower address.                                            |
| addrLender       | address       | Lender address.                                              |
| addrTokenA       | address       | Address of Token A for collateral.                           |
| addrTokenB       | address       | Address of TokensB for lending.                              |
| nTokenA          | uint256       | Total number of TokenA for collateral.                       |
| nNumTokenB       | uint256       | Total number of TokenB for lending.                          |
| nExpiration      | uint256       | Time at which the order expires (seconds since unix epoch).  |
| n   LendingCycle | uint256       | Lending Cycle.                                               |
| ufRate           | ufixed0x256   | Mortgage rate.                                               |
| ufInterestRate   | ufixed0x256   | Earnings per TokenB for lenders(ETH or FOR)                  |
| vLender          | uint8         | ECDSA signature of the above arguments by Lender.            |
| rLender          | bytes32       |                                                              |
| sLender          | bytes32       |                                                              |
| vBorrower        | uint8         | ECDSA   signature of the above arguments by Borrower.        |
| rBorrower        | bytes32       |                                                              |
| sBorrower        | bytes32       |                                                              |

 

## 3.2       Broadcast Order

| **Name**         | **Data Type** | **Description**                                              |
| ---------------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| addrVersion      | address       | Address of the smart contract,   changes whenever the protocol is updated. |
| nFeeLender       | uint256       | Fees provided by Lender.                                     |
| nFeeBorrower     | uint256       | Fees provided by Borrower.                                   |
| addrFeeRecipient | address       | Address to receive trading fees   for Relayer.               |
| addrBorrower     | address       | Borrower address.                                            |
| addrLender       | address       | Lender address.                                              |
| addrTokenA       | address       | Address of Token A for collateral.                           |
| addrTokenB       | address       | Address of TokensB for lending.                              |
| nTokenA          | uint256       | Total number of TokenA for   collateral.                     |
| nTokenB          | uint256       | Total number of TokenB for   lending.                        |
| nExpiration      | uint256       | Time at which the order expires   (seconds since unix epoch). |
| nLendingCycle    | uint256       | Lending Cycle.                                               |
| ufMortageRate    | ufixed0x256   | Mortgage rate.                                               |
| ufInterestRate   | ufixed0x256   | Earnings per TokenB for lenders(ETH   or FOR)                |
| vLender          | uint8         | ECDSA signature of the above   arguments by Lender.          |
| rLender          | bytes32       |                                                              |
| sLender          | bytes32       |                                                              |
| vBorrower        | uint8         | ECDSA signature of the above arguments by Borrower.          |
| rBorrower        | bytes32       |                                                              |
| sBorrower        | bytes32       |                                                              |

# 4        Smart Contract

For our protocol, a cluster of smart contracts are developed to cover the functions need to provide by our protocol. Several libraries with solidity language will be included which will reduce the amount of gas cost in the future.

## 4.1       Library

### 4.1.1        MathLib.sol

​          

Generally speaking, most computations related will be computed off-chain, while Oraclize is mainly used for providing proof for the result. However, MathLib.sol is still developed and included to deal with some simple computation at present or in the future. For space limitation consideration, only some sample functions are listed for demonstration purpose.

### 4.1.2        StringLib.sol

​          

### 4.1.3        OrderLib.sol

​          

## 4.2       TheForceProtocol.sol

TheForceProtocol contract represents the main contract responsible for combining needed functionality for trading and risk management. Whenever a traded is submitted to the smart contract, an instance of the contract will be realized and stored on the Ethereum blockchain. There are dozens of functions, libraries, and smart contracts to define for the main contract to achieve its targets, such as extern functions *LockCollateralFromBorrower(), SendTokenToBorrower(), RepayTokenToLender(), UnlockCollateralToBorrower(), WithdrawLend (), WithdrawBorrow ()*, and so on. It should be note that, some functions such as *WithdrawLend (), WithdrawBorrow ()* must be agreed by both the lender and borrower, which are realized by status tag together with modifiers *onlyLender() or onlyBorrower()*. Some source code is listed in the following part for demonstration purpose. Limited by space, the function details will not be described.  

​          

## 4.3       OraclizeAPI.sol

In our protocol, Oraclize is used to provide proof for measures taken by the main smart contract. As a result, the function used is not so complicate, we don’t need construct an independent abstract to call Oraclize. All the functions will be provided in an API, which can be called by several lines of code in the smart contracts. Here, we give a simple demonstration of API structure.

​          

 

## 4.4       [TheForceProtocolContractRegistry.sol](https://github.com/MARKETProtocol/MARKETProtocol/blob/develop/contracts/MarketContractRegistry.sol)

A registry will exist of all The Force protocol contracts that are approved for trading. Eventually there will be some mechanism for the community to flag contracts that are not valid, or reasonable for removal from the white list. At first this may be more centralized, but eventually the goal is to have a fully decentralized community in charge of such matters.

​          

## 4.5       Other Smart Contracts

There are a lot of smart contracts which plays an important role in our protocol. However, these functions are not exclusively used by our protocol, which mean they exist in most of smart contracts on Ethereum blockchain. Here, several examples will be be described for demonstration purpose.

### 4.5.1        CreatorAPI.sol

​          

### 4.5.2        Linkable.sol

​          

 

### 4.5.3        Migrations.sol

​          

 

# 5        Dual Token Model

 

## 5.1       Stablecoin Endorsed by Fiat Currency

 

In recent years, with the development of cryptocurrency technology, the purchase of goods or services using cryptocurrencies such as BTC and ETH has gradually been accepted by the public. Due to price fluctuations in crypto-currencies such as BTC, exchange rate conversion is required at the time of payment, which brings certain inconvenience to user. In addition, holders of mainstream crypto-currencies such as BTC and ETH tend to hold them for price increase more than use them as currency. This idea inhibits use of mainstream cryptocurrency such as BTC in people’s daily life.

 

Stablecoin or stabletoken represented by USDT are widely accepted by investors and exchanges of cryptocurrency during 2017 to 2018. This phenomenon shows demand for stablecoin exists in cryptocurrency investors. However, due to Tether's opaque financial and the fact that it has not been endorsed by the US government, position of USDT is relatively embarrassing. On the one hand, people have to widely use USDT on the demand for stablecoin. On the other hand, once there is a stablecoin which technology and policy background are better than USDT, there is no doubt a large-scale replacement will happen. Since then, stablecoins such as DAI, TUSD, and USDC have been launched, which shows the industry's exploration of improving mechanism of stablecoins.

 

After years of development, whether the investment instruments represented by products such as Bitcoin ETF can be approved by governments of the United States, Japan, the European Union and other countries determine whether the huge amount of funds in the traditional financial system is legally compliant to have channel enter cryptocurrency investment. The regulatory trends of major countries affect the trends of various interest groups such as investors, exchanges, and project groups. In September 2018, GUSD and PAX, two kinds of stablecoin which regulated by the US financial system, were widely interpreted as a major breakthrough in the field of cryptocurrency and stablecoin. With stimulation of this breakthrough, other stablecoin projects are rapidly induced to the industry, which indicated the potential best development orientation of stablecoin.

 

We believe that since the stablecoin needs to be linked to fiat and maintain a 1:1 exchange rate, its issuance must be under the supervision of governments. Completely decentralized issuance of stablecoins is hardly to be recognized by governments around the world. There are also shortcomings in the mechanism for seeking stable prices by algorithm, which makes widely applied of algorithm backed stablecoins on a large scale impossible. From the perspective of the issuance mechanism of stablecoins such as GUSD and PAX, as the demand increases, its issuers must constantly invest and lock fiat to endorse the stability of coin price. The total amount of fiat which single stablecoin issuer such as Gemini exchange could invest in are limited. Once the demand side exceeds its release capability, de-anchor to fiat like the USDT will most likely occur. In addition, in order to maintain its own business operations, the issuer has a strong motivation to misappropriate fiat which should be locked. Therefore, under the existing issuance mechanism, in the long run, as the demand side continues to increase, stablecoins like GUSD and PAX may also have a system collapse....

 

What kind of stablecoin mechanism is more reasonable? Let us first return to the issuing mechanism of fiat. In the United States, for example, the Federal Reserve offers US dollars to government through purchase of US government bonds. The US government then offers liquidity to the economy through various direct Investment and procurement channel, these operations boost economic growth. The issuance of US dollar is backed by credit of the US government, while ensuring global circulation of US dollar with its national strength and credit, which constitute main mechanism for issuance and circulation of US dollar. Within the economy system of US, banks obtain fiat from Federal Reserve through the issuance of bonds, enterprises and individuals obtain fiat through corporate bonds and personal loans, thereby promoting circulation of fiat within the economic system. It’s very clear that credit has a decisive role in the creation of money in modern society. As a stablecoin in the cryptocurrency system, its issuance mechanism can also base on the obligatory right to fiat.

 

Therefore, the loan business is naturally linked to stablecoin business. In order to improve shortcomings of stablecoin economic model such as USDT, GUSD and PAX, we introduce a new stablecoin generation mechanism here:

 

In the system of The Force Protocol, there are three parties involved, including super node, investor and borrower.

 

The super node is a financial service provider based on The Force Protocol's global shared loan order book in various countries and regions. Under the premise of compliance, it conducts business such as fiat or cryptocurrency lending, payment, transaction, and clearing. The shared loan order book between super nodes can be understood as a chain of alliances, joining and exiting of super node needs to be determined through community governance process. Super node may be a DAPP, a cryptocurrency wallet, a centralized exchange, a financial license holder, etc. All The Force Protocol super nodes must obtain the cryptocurrency to fiat exchange license issued by their local government and accept government's compliance supervision. At business level, Super nodes need to interface with The Force Protocol global lending protocols, third-party custodian of fiat and cryptoassets, investors, borrowers, regulators, and more.

 

The stablecoin within The Force Protocol system is issued by super nodes. As the provider of fund management service, the super node signs investment agreement with investor, and receives investor's fiat funds into third-party custodian bank. At the same time, the super node issues corresponding type and quantity of stablecoins in the Ethereum network. Fiat received by super node is supervised by custodian bank and auditing institution. The amount of stablecoins issued by super node is transparent within the blockchain network, mechanism of both fiat and crypto channel fundamentally guarantees that each stablecoin in The Force Protocol system has corresponding fiat asset backed. In addition, due to the long-term stable income from the fund management services provided by super nodes, fiat funds in the traditional financial system will flood into the loan system of The Force Protocol. 理论上，原力协议体系内的稳定币发行量可以无限接近全球法币发行的数量，这样的机制设计，也将为加密数字货币领域带来巨大的增量资金。

 

当投资人的投资协议到期，若投资人选择赎回理财产品并提取法币，则超级节点将回收相应面值的稳定币并予以销毁，从而维持住币价的稳定。除了接受投资人的法币生成稳定币，超级节点还将提供兑换业务，支持法币和稳定币的双向兑换。同样，超级节点从用户手中获得的法币将被存入第三方托管银行，确保合规与安全，这也是原力协议体系内稳定币生成和销毁的另一种途径。

 

原力协议体系内的稳定币，将用于向借款人支付抵押贷款，也可用于加密经济体系内的流通。借款人在获得稳定币贷款后，可以向超级节点进行法币兑换，从而获得法币。若能满足其需求，借款人也将在诸如交易所、加密支付等场景里直接使用稳定币，从而促进稳定币生态的运转。

 

 

超级节点的盈利模式包括：

 

   借贷订单管理费：一笔典型的借贷订单，借款人的成本包括借贷利息、智能合约执行燃料、订单管理费，其中订单管理费是超级节点的收入

 

   法币兑换手续费：若借款人需要把借入的稳定币兑换为法币，需要通过超级节点合规操作，理论上而言，超级节点的兑换服务将会是原力协议平台的唯一法币转换渠道（其他场外交易渠道所对接的原力稳定币，最终也来源于此）。

 

   投资人理财计划管理费：投资人旨在通过借出手里的法币/数字货币获得稳定的回报，超级节点可以给投资人提供6个月至长期的资金管理计划，将投资人的资金在借贷市场内有效的运用，赚取稳健的回报。所有的抵押物资产都由区块链确权和背书，比传统P2P理财更加安全、高效。

 

超级节点所对接的投资人，包括但不限于各国家、地区  持有大量法币或数字货币，希望资产获得稳定增值的高净值人群、机构、长线资金、家族基金等。投资人乐于接受中长期的资金管理计划，资金风险偏好低，希望尽可能避免亏损，且投资风险可控。这些要求恰好能被区块链支持的借贷业务满足。在原力协议体系内，抵押物由智能合约所保障，具备极强的风险控制能力。投资人可通过两种渠道投资获益——法币渠道、加密币渠道。投资人的资金，只允许法币投入法币退出，数字货币投入数字货币退出。法币投资进入第三方托管银行后，将生成对应金额的稳定币，用于在原力协议体系内贷出获益。投资人无法直接获得稳定币，对于投资人而言，超级节点提供的产品就是定期的资金管理计划，其旨在获取利息和本金增值。

## 5.2       Stablecoin Issuing

 

# 6        APIs for User

TheForceProtocol.js is the JavaScript API service for our protocol on Ethereum. In specific, TheForceProtocol.js is a collection of libraries which allow you to interact with smart contract when setting up a SuperNode or making a peer-to-peer trade. With the maturity and stability of our protocol, more and more universal APIs will be developed to cover all the functions our protocol provided. 

Limited to the space, most of the APIs cannot be described in details. Part of the interfaces will be listed for demonstration purpose. Detailed description and content of source code will be uploaded to Github after rounds of rigorous test and audition.

## 6.1       Institutional APIs

There are several types of APIs for institutional organization to construct and maintain a super node. The functions range from Alliance Chain construction, Super Node construction, Orderbooks updating, to order submission, fiat tokenization and across-chain trading (BTC, EOS et.al.). For space consideration, only interface name with several parameters are listed for demonstration purpose.

/*******************************************************************/

/*The MakeLendOrder() interface can be used for an lender to make an order on smart contract through a super node dApp*/

/*******************************************************************/

TheForceProtocol.ETH.MakeLendOrder(

   address        addrVersion,

   address        addrLender,

   address        addrSuperNode,

   bytes32        strTokenLend,

   uint256         nTokenLend,

   uint256         nTokenCollateral,     

   uint256         nExpiration,

   uint256         nLendingCycle,

   ufixed0x256   ufRate,

   ufixed0x256   ufInterestRate,

   uint8            vLender ,

   bytes32        rLender,

   bytes32        sLender

)                       

/*******************************************************************/

/*The MakeBorrowOrder() interface can be used for anBorrower to make an order on smart contract through a super node dApp*/

/*******************************************************************/

TheForceProtocol.ETH.MakeBorrowOrder (

   address        addrVersion,

   address        addrBorrower,

   address        addrSuperNode,

   bytes32        strTokenBorrow,

   uint256         nTokenBorrow,

   uint256         nTokenCollateral,     

   uint256         nExpiration,

   uint256         nLendingCycle,

   ufixed0x256   ufRate,

   ufixed0x256   ufInterestRate,

   uint8            vBorrower   ,

   bytes32        rBorrower,

   bytes32        sBorrower

)                       

/*******************************************************************/

/*The MakeSuperNode() interface can be used for an lender to make an order on smart contract through a super node dApp*/

/*******************************************************************/

TheForceProtocol.ETH.MakeSuperNode (

   address                      addrVersion,   

   address                      addrSuperNode,

   map(address=>uint)     addrReceipt,   

   bytes32[]               strReceipt,    

   …                 //plenty materials are needed for authorization.

)                                    

## 6.2       Individual User

The following two APIs are provided by The Force Protocol to Peer-to-Peer users. These two APIs can be wrapped by dApps, which should be expressed in the form of commands line or web page. Only two interfaces are listed for demonstration purpose.

TheForceProtocol.P2P.lendToken(

   address        addrVersion,

   address        addrLender,

   address        addrBorrower,

   address        addrLender,

   bytes32        strTokenLend,

   bytes32        strTokenCollateral,   

   uint256         nTokenLend,

   uint256         nNumTokenCollateral,

   uint256         nExpiration,

   uint256         nLendingCycle,

   ufixed0x256   ufRate,

   ufixed0x256   ufInterestRate,

   uint8            vLender ,

   bytes32        rLender,

   bytes32        sLender

)                       

 

TheForceProtocol.P2P.BorrowToken(

   address        addrVersion,

   address        addrBorrower,

   address        addrLender,

   bytes32        strTokenLend,

   bytes32        strTokenCollateral,

   uint256         nTokenLend,

   uint256         nNumTokenCollateral,

   uint256         nExpiration,

   uint256         nLendingCycle,

   ufixed0x256   ufRate,

   ufixed0x256   ufInterestRate,

   uint8            vBorrower,

   bytes32        rBorrower,

   bytes32        sBorrower

)                 

# 7        The Force Protocol Token (FOR)

We will issue a token based on the ERC-20 protocol, that is The Force Token, coded as FOR, which is the ecological token of The Force Protocol and will be the sole fuel for the Force Protocol ecosystem. The token will not only promote the operation of the ecosystem, but also serves as carrier for autonomy of decentralized organizations.

## 7.1       Role of FOR Token

超级节点抵押、交易费用支付、社区管理、产品升级、团队激励

### 7.1.1        As Mortgage for Registered Relayer

A team planning to develop lend DAPPs can become Relayers easily by directly calling APIs and underlying matching engine provided by the Force Protocol. Since it needs to consume gas for the relayer to submit order to chain, it is necessary to mortgage FOR to the smart contract according to specific ratio for a relayer, which will ensure the relayer's ability to match services.

For example, if the protocol requires more than 500 ETH mortgages to become a Relayer, where the ratio of FOR to ETH is 5:1, the Relayer needs mortgage 500*5FOR to obtain the qualification of matching service. The amount of required mortgage FORs is obtained by Oracle, which get the ratio of FOR and ETH in certain period to achieve dynamic adjustment.

### 7.1.2        Priority for Fee Discount and Special Right

DAPPs based on the Force Protocol will adopt incentives such as providing fee discount and partial interest reduction, to encourage using FOR tokens as mortgage assets. On the other hand, if you choose FOR for fees, a discount will be provided. Subsequent we will introduce some functions which only users holding FOR tokens can use.

### 7.1.3        Community Airdrop and User Incentives

A portion of the income from lending DAPPs or Relayer will be deposited in reward pool of the Force Protocol. Our Foundation will airdrop these FOR tokens in the reward pool to specific groups, such as FOR token holders and users who have used the FOR Ecology.

## 7.2       Decentralized Community Governance System

As a governance tool, FOR can be used as certificate for holders to participate voting of important decisions related to governance scenarios of supporting/cancelling the qualification of certain currency and clearing malicious Relayers. In early stage, important development and rule designation are decided by the sponsoring team. Afterwards, under the premise of stability of The Force Protocol Ecology, we will gradually give more rights to community user/contributor, who will have the right to determine the fee and ratio of airdrops by voting. Each user/contributor will become the owner of The Force Protocol, enabling them benefit from each transaction.

## 7.3       FOR Distribution Plan

The total amount of FOR tokens is 1 billion with no additional issuance forever. Directed by The Force Protocol initiative team, 85% of Tokens will be used for community building and community donation programs, of which community ecological construction accounts for 30%, The Force Protocol Foundation accounts for 25%, and strategic investors and community donations account for 30%. The remaining 15% will be reserved by the original founding team, which can be used as reward for their early contribution to the project, and for new team members. The tokens allocated to original founding team lock up for 3 years from the previous exchange, of which 30% after 12 months after the exchange, 30% after 24 months, and 40% after 36 months. For the tokens assigned to the team, 10% of them will be assigned to the current team members, and 5% are reversed into incentive pools for motivating new members in the future. The pie chart of allocation for FOR token is shown in Figure 4.1.

​     

Figure 4.1 The pie chart of allocation for FOR token

### 7.3.1        Community Ecological Construction

Construction of community ecological includes but not limited to: ecological incubation and incentives of the Force Protocol community decentralized application (DAPP), developer community construction, commercial and industrial cooperation, marketing promotion, academic research, education investment, laws and regulations, etc. 

### 7.3.2        The Force Protocol Foundation

We have registered a non-profit Foundation in Singapore. The main tasks of the Foundation are: construction and operation of The Force Ecology, development of strategic direction, issuance and management of FOR tokens, and management of funds tokens obtained by donation.

### 7.3.3        Strategic Investors and Community Donations

Based on initiation and operational requirement of the project, 30% of the tokens will be reversed to reward strategic investors and community members.

 

 

 

# 8        BiBiDai2.0: Demonstration of the DAPP

In this section, we will demonstrate how DAPP based on our protocol works from the user experience perspective. The platform we developed is named BiBiDai2.0, which is an upgrade version of a centralized lending platform BiBiDai1.0. We will go step-by-step on how to request a loan and to fund a loan. In this demonstration instance, you will need to have Google Chrome and the MetaMask plugin installed. MetaMask is Google Chrome plugin to allow decentralized application, such as, BiBiDai2.0, to be run in the browser without downloading the full Ethereum node.

## 8.1       Preparatory work

To download Google Chrome, please visit: <https://www.google.com/chrome/>, click download to start.

To download MetaMask, please visit: <https://metamask.io/>. However, this website can’t be open sometimes. If so, one can visit: 

<https://chrome.google.com/webstore/category/extensions> instead, and query for “**metamask**” as follows.

   

Click “**add to chrome**”, and wait for the download process to complete.

   

Click “**TRY IT NOW**” to using the newest version.

   

Click “**CONTINUE**” to create an account.

   

Create your password as the seed phrase by type in it twice, and click “CREATE”. 

​            

Then, click “**NEXT**”, “**ACCEPT**” until you met the secret backup phrases. 

   

Store these phrases in a secure location, and never disclose them to anyone. Then click “**NEXT**”.

​      

In this page, you need select each phrase in the order of previous page. Finally, click “**CONFIRM**”, your account is created. You can use it to login our DApp or other wallet operations.

​      

 

   

 

   

## 8.2       Demonstration of the DAPP

With our application, you can click “To Borrow”, “To Lend”, “Financial Product” for borrowing, lending and buying financial product respectively.

   

Before start the borrowing and lending trip, the users are encouraged to look up the real time minimum gas price at: <https://ethgasstation.info>, which appears as follows.

   

Click any button, a login web page is popped up, which require you to type in your password. 

​           

Then, another page will appear. Select the checkbox which is tagged by red rectangular in the above image, click “**LUNCH**” to login our application.

### 8.2.1        Create Borrow Order

Click “**Create Borrow Order**” menu, you can meet the “Create Borrow Order” web page.

   

Select the token type, collateral type, loan period, interest rate and repay installment. Then, type in any of token amount and collateral amount, the suggested counterpart amount will appear in the textbox. Type in the number which is no more than the suggested amount, and platform fee will be computed automatically. Click “*lock collateral token*” to lock collateral token, and make sure you have read the Loan Contract. Click “**Next**”, a borrowing order is created.

### 8.2.2        Create Lend Order

Click “**Create Lend Order**” menu, you can meet the “Create Lend Order” web page.

   

Select the token type, loan period, interest rate and repay installment. Then, type in token amount, and platform fee will be computed automatically. Click “*lock lend token*” to lock token, and make sure you have read the Loan Contract. Click “**Next**”, a lending order is created.

### 8.2.3        Browse All Borrow Orders

Click “**View All Borrow Orders**” menu, you can meet the “View All Borrow Orders” web page.

   

You can fill one order by click hyperlink “lend” in the last column, and one “**Fill Borrow Order**” web page will be popped up.

   

Type in token amount and platform fee will be computed automatically. Click “*lock lend token*” to lock token, and make sure you have read the Loan Contract. Click “**Submit**”, the specified order is filled.

### 8.2.4        Browse All Lend Orders

Click “**View All lend Orders**” menu, you can meet the “View All Lend Orders” web page.

   

You can fill one order by click hyperlink “borrow” in the last column, and one “**Fill Lend Order**” web page will be popped up.

   

Type in token amount and collateral type, collateral amount and platform will be computed automatically. Click “*lock collateral token*” to lock token, and make sure you have read the Loan Contract. Click “**Submit**”, the specified order is filled.

### 8.2.5        Buy Financial Product

Click “**Buy Financial Product**” menu, you can meet the “Buy Financial Product” web page.

   

You can buy the suitable financial product by click hyperlink “buy” in the last column. The page will jump to payment page for the following process.

# 9        Legal Evaluation

The Force Protocol serves lending in period of Blockchain in the form of “lending without intermediary”. Traditionally lending involves due diligence by financial institutions before loan is issued, which requires access to local credit score or rating system maintained by third parties. Moreover, as the legislation for lending varies from country to country, the main question is to comply with legislation while ensure that lenders are protected.

Crypto-currency is relatively new to governments, and governments have not been good at regulating or defining the legal status on crypto-currencies. Moreover, it is acknowledged that the definition given in other fields of law, such as tax law does not finally settle or give analogy to use the definition in other fields of law. Therefore, in the most sensible definition, crypto-currencies may be managed through contractual agreements.

## 9.1       Contract Relationship

Where crypto-currencies are not regulated, they are contractual agreements between the parties. This would mean that the agreement between the borrower and the lender would be conducted on the basis on contract law. The question is to decide which contract law would apply since there are jurisdictional differences. The basic principle in any contract law despite the jurisdictional differences is the freedom to contract, which means anyone can agree to lend to anyone. 

A loan transaction would be on deal when there is consensus by the borrower to repay the loan to the lender. This would represent the simplest loan contract in the decentralized environment that is based on the agreement between the borrower and the lender. However, to make the loan transaction a binding agreement between the borrower and the lender, this simple form of contracting is not enough.

Even thought, the loan is on Smart Contract and on a trustless environment, both the lenders and borrowers will be living under governed jurisdictions. This means that the lending agreement should be valid, even though one might not have the ability to enforce it. To provide a binding loan agreement, smart contracts based on our protocol should implement all legal functions of the loan in simple terms and conditions. These terms include the loan period, premium, the collateral, the lender, the borrower, governing law and dispute resolution. Therefore, the parties do not have to deal with the juridical questions to participate in the lending market.

## 9.2       Collateral

New form of collaterals. In most jurisdiction collaterals, also known as pledges are governed to establish the legal standing of a pledge against third parties. This has been important through time because enforcing collateral is seen as an exception on the right to ownership. Moreover, most of the rules on collateral from jurisdiction to jurisdiction apply on real property, and not much jurisprudential literacy on pledging ERC-20 tokens. 

Acknowledgement and transfer of collateral. Traditionally, collateral is required to comply with certain actions to establish valid collateral and thus in the case of default enable the transfer of ownership. These rules do apply in most jurisdictions where would be governed. In that case, the collateral must be transferred to the lender. However, the situation is different, where the property could be held by a third party as well. By using Smart Contract, lender does not hold the collateral. Instead, the collateral is held on the blockchain which is controlled by the Smart Contract. The purpose behind possession is to inform third parties that the item is pledged. This aim is achieved by design of Ethereum blockchain where all transactions can be inspected. Therefore, when ERC20 token is pledged on relayer based on our protocol, the collateral is moved to the Smart Contract and locked until the loan is repaid. This information is accessible to anyone, anywhere with an internet connection.

## 9.3       Know Your Customer (KYC)

Relayers based on our protocol do not lend or hold assets, which is a decentralized application running on Ethereum blockchain network. This means both Relayers and the protocol does not store any data on centralized servers, all data is running peer-to-peer on Ethereum blockchain. Relayers does not control any assets between the lenders and the borrowers. This means that when one party places a loan request, he creates the Smart Contract. When the Smart Contract is created, the data is broadcasted to Ethereum network and is not stored on any servers locally. Relayer could be seen as a tool set loans and broadcast loans on Ethereum network.

KYC regulation applies on money lending between borrowers and lenders. The thresholds do vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction but remain similar in principle. However, uncertainty lies within lending ETH since ETH is not a currency by definition of governments. Therefore, whether lending ETH is subject to KYC is an unsettled question.

In the view point of our protocol, it endorses the KYC policies due to the fact that regulation might follow sooner or later because decentralized environments do not occur in a vacuum. For this reason, the Force protocol will implement integrations for assisting the parties to comply with KYC regulations. The aim is to provide KYC when deemed to be needed and enable it in the best possible manner. Currently, KYC only can be solved through messaging and interaction between the lender and borrower.

In the future, The Force Protocol team will work to provide a KYC solution that would not spill over to off-chain. The easiest way to provide KYC without the need to spill the application to off-chain would require the borrower to insert a link to the material that would comply with KYC. This material would include identification, proof of address and origin of funds. Decentralized storage could also be used to achieve the storage of KYC data.

# 10   Risk Management

## 10.1   System Security Problem

Dust Attack

When an order is submitted, there is situation in which large number of dust orders are broadcasting. Thus, during trade matching process, the system will abandon such orders according trading rules, reducing the pressure from order book, so that the dust order will have no impact on the system.

Order Data Tampering

In the process of order book generation, network security problems are involved. Thus, encryption algorithm is performed during data transmission process, which can avoid network data interception and data tampering.

Network Congestion

If information is not limited, excessive network traffic will slow down device response, and network delay occurs. In the process smart contract submission, the message queue is used to calculate bandwidth speed and concurrent quantity to avoid unnecessary congestion of the network.

## 10.2   Lending Contract Risk Control Problem

The global risk control parameters of the lending contract are set as follows:

 

 

 

| **Parameters**           | **Rules**                                                    |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Mortgage token selection | Historical   price fluctuation variance of the tokens, 24-hour turnover, number of listed   mainstream exchanges |
| Mortgage rate            | Range   of price fluctuation during the loan period, current token price, confidence   level |
| Borrowing Token          | BTC、ETH、USDT                                               |
| Borrowing Cycle          | 7 days, 14 days, 1 month, 2 months, 3 months, 6 months, 9   months, 12 months |
| Clearance Warning Notice | Total   value of mortgage token decreased to 110% of the principal and interest payable,   and the mortgaged assets need be replenished 12 hours after the notice was   issued. |
| Close Position           | Total value of the mortgage token fell to 103% of the principal   and interest payable |
| Repayment Notice         | Notify 24 hours prior to the time when the contract should be   repaid |
| Overdue                  | The   platform pays the lender's receivable principal and interest, and sells the   mortgage token |
| Penalty for Overdue      | 10% penalty for received principal and interest              |

Mortgage Asset Risk Management

Mortgage asset risk management refers to mortgage tokens selection and mortgage rate designation. In the Force Protocol (Version1.0), market value of digital asset token and the 24-hour turnover are selected as criterion to judge select mortgage token. Later, we will continuously update and expand the types of mortgageable tokens based on DAPP operation data. At the same time, we will also launch community voting to encourage users to elect mortgage tokens they want.

The mortgage rate is defined as the ratio of token available to the present value of mortgage. Generally, the mortgage rate must not exceed 70% in traditional lending institution. In the field of digital asset lending, there are no clear regulations or historical experience to reference. Considering dramatic changes digital asset in history, the mortgage rate of each lending platform is set to 50%-80%. Due to slight difference in price change of the specific currency and turnover of 24-hour mainstream exchange, the mortgage rate according to specific market conditions by our platform, which are:

An= Amplitude of the nth cycle forward(%)；

Apredict=A1+Max（0，A2-A1）/2(2-1)+Max（0，A3-Max（A1，A2））/2(3-1)+…+Max（0，An-Max（A1，A2，…，An-1））/2(n-1); where n is usually set to 3.

Mortgage Rate=Max（70%，1- Apredict）。

Dynamic Management of Risk of Mortgage Assets Price Change

Oracle will monitor price changes of the mortgage assets at time. When the value of mortgaged assets touches the mortgage rate warning line, the system will notify the borrower to add mortgage assets promptly. If the borrower fails to replenish mortgage asset within the specified time, smart contract will transfer the mortgaged asset to the lending according to the default processing rules. In the subsequent version, we will consider docking decentralized exchange, replacing the mortgaged token with the lent one, and returning to the borrower, which guarantees the principal and interest of the lenders.

 

 

 

 

 

# 11   The Force Project

## 11.1   The Team

Xu Chao——Co-founder & CEO

Master of Harbin Engineering University, winner of National Postgraduate Scholarship, former Cloud Computing Architect of ZTE, head of domestic SaaS cloud service innovation project. He participated in creating SaaS product deployment architecture and business operation system, which achieved 100 million revenue scale from 0. He is also good at network structure and protocol development. He participated in the planning and design of ZTE's electronic license scheme based on blockchain technology, planning and design of the blockchain technology route of China Unicom Research Institute. He is a Blockchain technology enthusiast and early community project participant, who has participated in crowdfunding projects such as NEO and EOS.

Yu Hongxue——Co-founder & CTO 

Master of Beihang University in computer science. Former core development member of Big Data Platform in Sogou Ltd. Who was responsible for ETL, core indicator calculation, task monitoring, task scheduling, task optimization and so on. He has participated several blockchain development course, such as course provided by founder of Celer, and good at development of DAPP and security technology. Recently, he is focus on Anti-cheating and recommendation algorithm research. As early follower of blockchain technology, he is familiar to source code of Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS.

 

Allen——Co-founder & CFO

Former district manager of EnactusChina covering Tianjin, Shandong and Hebei Province. Managing Director of Qianshenghui Capital, and partner of Zonff Capital. He is focusing on research and investment of Internet finance industry and has invested in many high-quality projects in the sub-segment of cash loan and car loan et al. He is early member of Bitcoin Talk community, early member of the XDAG-Chinese community, and partner of AlphaCoin Fund. He has invested in tens of projects like Rsk, Celer, Box, Dcc in blockchain field, with the idea of code being law, privacy being freedom, computing being right. He laid out a lot of ecological projects related to blockchain technology in advance, such as the mines, mine pool, wallets, exchanges, and media.

 

Lei Yu——Community Operations and Media Promotion

Master of Tsinghua University. He has been in contact with bitcoin mining since 2012. In early 2017, he began to systematically study blockchain and digital currency ICO. He has invested in several high-quality projects such as EOS, Filecoin and Loopring, and participated in community construction of multiple digital currency projects. With extensive experience in community organization operations, he takes parted in the development and operation of the XDAG mining pool, founded BW investment in currency field, in which “blockchain investment from scratch” received tens of thousands of readings.

 

Zhang Linbo——Algorithm & Blockchain Development Engineer

Ph.D. of Artificial Intelligence, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Senior Engineer, Senior Network Planning Designer granted by Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. His research interests include artificial intelligence and data mining. He once worked in Chinese Academy of Transportation, during which he independently completed one national-level project, in charge of over more than 10 provincial-level information projects and participated in more than 30 provincial-level information projects. He awarded title of senior engineer in 2013, which make him the youngest member at the time. He ever took charge of policy research on domestic application of calling taxi online and autonomous driving technology, as former member of national think tank in the field of Intelligent Transportation. He is good at C, C++, C#, JAVA, Python programming languages, and has researched distributed accounting, encrypted digital currency, cross-chain information interaction for several years.

 

Zheng Yajun——Blockchain Development Engineer

Bachelor of Harbin Institute of Technology with major of computer science, former senior research and development engineer at Baidu. At present, he is director of risk control and data center of Shenzhen Frontline Financial Services Ltd., who is in charge of designing company's overall business risk control system and structure, making big data analysis, credit rating, loan Management and development of wind control model. He has extensive work experience in the Internet and finance fields. He is a technology geek and has participated in multiple GitHub open source project code submissions.

 

Wang Menghao——Blockchain Development Engineer

Master of Peking University in software information. He engaged in data analysis and mining research after graduation, and has entrepreneurial experience in the field of artificial intelligence. He has conducted in-depth research on the underlying source code of blockchain projects such as distributed Ledger technology, Bitcoin and Ethereum.

 

Dai Shaopeng——Blockchain Development Engineer

Ph.D. student in Chinese Academy of Sciences, his research covers data mining, Machine learning, Benchmark, and so on. Several of his paper has been indexed by SCI.

 

Wang Jie - Project Operations and Finance

Ph.D. of Department of Mathematics, Zhejiang University, former Sponsor of China Galaxy Securities co., LTD. He has participated in IPO, mergers and acquisitions of several companies, and has extensive experience in the capital market.

## 11.2   The Advisory Board

Ivan Zone

Wharton MBA, Bachelor of Washington and Lee University in Computer Science. Trader and founder of structured financing organization managed by Petra Capital; Sponsor of commercial real estate loan of Cushman & Wakefield; Venture capitalist at GVA Capital. 

 

Li Zhongnan

Product Partner of Hetrone Financial, who was in charge of products like ufenqi and JiandanDai. As the first batch of phased shopping malls for college students, ufenqi is ranked third in the comprehensive industry in 2016 years, with a maximum daily transaction volume over 100 million. He was the former product design experts of Meituan Ltd., who was responsible for design work of all mobile platform products and developed mobile product design systems and standards. The work experience in QQ products of Tencent and Tmall mobile products of Ali, provided him rich experience in product design and R&D management.

## 11.3   Governance

The Force Protocol team firmly accepts the concept of decentralized community autonomous management model, and each participant in the community has the right to participate in project management and rulemaking. The Force Protocol Foundation (hereinafter referred to as The Force Foundation) has been established in Singapore as the main body of project management, which is responsible for fair, open, transparent, and nonprofit operation of the Force Protocol project. In addition, The Force Foundation will be in charge of the security of all digital assets raised, and support the Force Protocol development and operations teams building. If profit was generated, it will be retained as fund for community activities, rather than being distributed among members. The Force Foundation is approved by the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) and is regulated by the Singapore Companies Act, which operates independently from the government.

In order to help The Force Foundation making rational use of the funds and resources under premise of fairness, openness and transparency, Decision committee is set up, with subordinate committees of Code Security Audit Committee, The Force Ecological Construction Committee, Finance and Human Resources Committee, and Market and Public Relations Committee. In this way, development of the Force Ecology can be promoted, application scenarios of the Force Protocol will be expanded, and more institutions, companies, projects and organizations will be absorbed into the Ecology. 

​     

Fig. 8.1 Organization Chart of The Force Fundation

Decision Committee:

The Decision Committee is the highest decision-making body of The Force Foundation. It undertakes the final decision-making function and is responsible for reviewing major issues, such as the strategic planning, annual plan, budget, etc., and voting on major issues of The Force Ecology on behalf of the Foundation.

 

Executive Director:

The executive Director is elected by The Force Decision Committee, who is responsible for the day-to-day operation of the foundation, coordination of the subordinate committees, presiding decision-making committee meetings, and reporting to the decision-making committee in regular.

 

Code Security Audit Committee:

The Code Security Audit Committee is responsible for code security audits of the Force Protocol, decision-making of technology research and development, open data interfaces, and development of technology patents. In addition, the committee will also maintain communication with community members and ecological participants in the community, via hold technical exchanges irregularly.

 

The Force Ecological Construction Committee:

The Force Ecological Construction Committee is responsible for the development of The Force Ecology and partners. The committee will use the funds raised to carry out activities for ecological construction and business cooperation, encouraging more developers to build applications based on the Force Protocol, and abstracting more potential partners into the original ecosystem. 

 

Finance and Human Resources Committee:

The Finance and Human Resources Committee is responsible for the use and review of foundation funds, personnel recruitment and compensation management, together with daily operating expenses management.

 

Market and Public Relations Committee:

Market and Public Relations Committee is responsible for marketing and promotion of the Force Protocol and ecological projects, holding community communication meetings, participating in blockchain field exhibitions and academic seminars. Meanwhile, maintaining public relations and communication with industry associations and government regulatory organizations is as important as the function stated above for the Committee.

 

## 11.4   Roadmap

​                                                  

​                                  2018.Q3                           

​                                  2019.Q1-Q2                           

​                                  2018.Q2                           

​                                  2018.Q4                           

​                                  2019.Q3-Q4                           

​                     

​                                  Partner application plan      issuing, Off-exchange financial service ecology for token mortgage lending      and blockchain financial assets construction                           

​                                  Anti-cheating system      development, API development and code security auditing, decentralized      lending system of alpha version test                           

​                                  White paper design, official website online,      community operations, community token donation program design                           

​                                  BiBiDai 2.0 online,      decentralized lending sector additon, cross-chain token mortgage lending                           

​                                  Smart Contract and Trading      system development, Platform of BiBiDai 1.0 online                           

​                                  Project launch, digital      currency lending model design, program demonstration                           

# 12   Update Issues

Once our smart contract is deployed to the blockchain, its internal logic will not be changed. Therefore, to update a protocol on the blockchain, one must deploy a completely new smart contract that either forks the network or disrupts users and processes that depend on the protocol until they suit to the latest version. a disruptive protocol update could invalidate all open orders and require each market participant to approve a new smart contract to access their trading balances. Alternatively, the protocol could fork into two versions that operate in parallel, neutralizing network effects created by dApp interoperability. At the time, smart contract abstraction will be used to continuously integrate updates into a protocol without disrupting higher-level processes. 

In the context of lending, one contract instance is constructed each trading, which is specified in the order. As the orders made before the update point to the older version, the action followed will proceed according to the old version. However, such an update mechanism may also create security risks for end users, e.g. collateral locked by the decentralized smart contracts may be gained by attackers in the worst case. The FOR tokens may be used to drive a decentralized update mechanism that allows for continuous integration of updates into the protocol while also protecting the protocol's users and stakeholders.

# 13   GitHub

When development of the whole project is completed, tens rounds of verification will executed for security purpose. After that, all essential source codes will be upload to Github for sharing, which can be found at: 

<https://github.com/TheForceProtocol/TheForceProtocol.git>

Here, all smart contracts in our project will shared in “\contracts” directory, and libraries used will be stored in “\lib” sub-directory, which will contain solidity files like *MathLib*, *StringLib* and so on. APIs will be provided in “\APIs” directory, where the source code may be written in JavaScript Language. In addition, source codes for migration are also updated.

At present, the source code is underdevelopment, and no source code is updated. Subsequently, all code for our smart contracts will be published here. If you have any issues to report please open an issue on GitHub.